I expect a Buchanan well is it McTavish
this just came in from Interpol or Hart
what did you renew your need you realize
the hurry nine leaves us in London Harry
nine lives the cat burglar hey Harry
nine leaves the most wanted criminal in
the world I wonder what he's up to
the new pain waves as a couple the
finest minds of the FBI and Interpol
whoever they are birds no yeah trust us
with me inspector Buchanan Hey
there should be the most baffling and
challenging battle of which the world's
greatest detective versus the world's
good has come
Oh God
stolen the most precious cat my
collection
oh dear yet dear I can't stand to see a
woman cry oh oh dear
now tell me madam with the we
insured listen have you got a wee forty
of the in stick
oh it's exquisite hey
what vicious criminal could have done a
thing like that a little something for
you my sweet Oh
Harriet's magnificent put it on
Oh positively darling isn't real all as
real as you are my sweet ha
tell me Harry what made you become a cat
burglar well when I was better poor
urchin the rich little girl next door
had a cat oh so beautiful little pointed
ears eyes that glowed in the dark how
sweet and playful she was how she used
to purr when I would tickle and Stroke
her cat was very nice too to answer to
us this is BBC rolling reporter the rash
of cat burglaries by the infamous Harry
9lives continues last night alone 38
cats and a pussy-willow bush were stolen
let's find out how the citizens of
London are reacting to this crime wave
you sir you sir what do you think about
cats disappearing personally I think
mrs. cats is better off without him
would he now he's the father of Harry
nine lives
tell me mr. nine lives was there
anything in your son's childhood to
suggest that he would grow up to be a
notorious cat burglar no he was just a
normal boy from a normal family can
understand it
we're must've here well I'll tell you
all three of you are named Harry nine
lives but only one of you is Harry nine
lives a cat burglar
hey then will the real Harry nine lives
please stand up you see inspector I told
you it wouldn't work
Yuri mr. Lane leaves you're very clever
but you're no clever enough they may not
know yet which of you three is a cat
burglar by name I shall find out a ha ha
hey slobs of your every move
my native a deed you'll be under
constant scrutiny they will observe you
until somebody somehow somewhere you
will make one tiny mystique wonderful
slip your gear so far we hey you can
count on it I'll find you air under your
wattles something around some little
thing which made me nothing to the
untrained observer
but me
it'll point uh clearly and unmistakably
which one of you is a criminal I'm
watching you hurry language whoever you
are and you take my word for that sooner
or later you are going to give yourself
away
yes you watch out Harry nay lives I'm
watching you
yes yeah they always do give them so did
we do caution inspector it might be a
trick
no worry I can deal with that right hit
me
provide our lean goodbye darling oh oh
just a little token my appreciation oh
thank you and here's your change
Oh
I believe it's your mousse Arlene a wave
huh
you are under Scottish Evie what's the
meaning of this you thought you could
escape Scottish justice didn't you
I've never given up of catching you have
such the world all over the whole
playing of what you do not last you am a
prisoner and let the world note that no
man shall go free well inspector
Buchanan lives oh it came from a heart
attack